
INSTRUCTIONS TO EXECUTE :

1. Set variables in parameters.h header file, especially system sizes, number of configurations, and source file location.

2. Compile and execute the required data_format program to get lattice site occupancies in required format. Outputs are stored in F_DATA_DIR directory. Commands to compile and execute the program are mentioned in the topmost docstring of the C code.

3. Compile the hk3d_pbc.c C program. Do not execute it explicitly. It will be executed indirectly via the python script.

4. Run execute.py Python3 script. Number and size of clusters for different configs can be obtained from CLUSTER_STATS_DIR directory. The exact lattice with cluster labels for each configuration can be obtained from CLUSTER_LATTICE_DIR.





DIRECTORY STRUCTURE :

parameters.h header file contains all global parameters definitions.

execute.py Python3 script executes HK algorithm and generates all required information about clusters.

hk3d_pbc.c C program file contains implementation of HK algorithm for 3D lattices with pbc. This programs needs to be compiled separately with compilation instructions at the top of the file; however, it is executed automatically via execute.py script, and does not need to be executed separately.

data_format.c and likewise named files are used to change the values of lattice occupancies to required format.

INFILE file contains the raw(unformatted) input spin values for all configurations.

F_DATA_DIR directory contains formatted data obtained by executing data_format.c which requires INFILE for initial data. Files are separate for different configurations.

OUT_DIR directory contains temporary cluster information required to compute clusters and their sizes.

CLUSTER_STATS_DIR directory contains a file for each configuration mentioning total number of clusters and size of each cluster sorted in decreasing order.

CLUSTER_LATTICE_DIR directory has a file for each configuration containing lattice occupation sites replaced with their corresponding cluster numbers.
